Dr. Ogawa: Hi, Brandon.
Dr. Ogawa: Hi. Hey, nice to meet you. I'm Dr gala from right
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. Glad you're able to make it. I think we missed you. Last time or
Dr. Ogawa: Connection bull shoes.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, yeah. Seems like it's okay now though.
Brandon Arrington: That's good enough. Right here, even
Dr. Ogawa: Oh really. Okay, let me know if I'm talking and you're not here.
Dr. Ogawa: Alright, so, um, how are you tell me about yourself.
Brandon Arrington: So I'm doing
Brandon Arrington: The worst I've been
I got
Brandon Arrington: Addicted and strung out on heroin so
Brandon Arrington: I'm not working right now since coven and things have just gotten so bad that
Brandon Arrington: I'm about to tomorrow or Sunday. I'm going to a in patient residential program.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Brandon Arrington: Where they said that I need a month supply of Suboxone because I'm going to be out on a 30 day blackout.
Brandon Arrington: Detox and everything, which is probably for the best because
Brandon Arrington: If you know anything about that drug
Brandon Arrington: It, it will get ahold of you and let go.
Dr. Ogawa: So,
Brandon Arrington: I'm going to another town where I don't know anybody to a residential program and I'm gonna stay there for
Brandon Arrington: Maybe 90 days we'll go from there. But I want to do my meetings through bright heart.
Brandon Arrington: Even while I'm up there.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, yeah, I think that will hurt.
Brandon Arrington: Cuz i don't i don't really
Brandon Arrington: Know like as far as like the meeting rooms and stuff like that. It will be even more so because I know they have stuff to do while I'm in that program up there, but this has been working for me so
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, okay. Yeah. And what are you going to go detox just heroin.
Brandon Arrington: That's my, that's my main thing, but I also have been using
Brandon Arrington: Painkillers methamphetamine.
Brandon Arrington: Occasionally cocaine I smoke weed every day.
Brandon Arrington: I haven't been drinking, which is weird.
Brandon Arrington: Because amount Holland.
Brandon Arrington: They're just basically everything I need to get my shit together.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, I mean I think it's great that I guess now it's a good time as me.
Dr. Ogawa: Sorry, it's been kind of rough for you. Yeah.
Brandon Arrington: It's not nobody's fault with my own, but we me and my girlfriend, she had a miscarriage and
Brandon Arrington: I just look for any excuse, just to keep getting further and further away.
Brandon Arrington: Like it's gonna be pretty bad right now. I use about
Brandon Arrington: A gram a day.
Brandon Arrington: And
Brandon Arrington: And my thoughts are so scattered. I can't get one project done and I got 100 on going. So
Dr. Ogawa: How do you usually use your heroin.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: And and then I think I saw in the notes like get you started. When you were in prison.
Dr. Ogawa: Is that how it all started.
Brandon Arrington: I did eight years in prison.
Brandon Arrington: And the last
Brandon Arrington: Three years.
Brandon Arrington: I got introduced to heroin and been strong. Now, ever since.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. And when was the last time you use
Brandon Arrington: I just used before I started
Dr. Ogawa: Just like started this meeting.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. Okay. All right.
Brandon Arrington: I'm enough. They're not all over the place and
Dr. Ogawa: It keeps you stable.
Brandon Arrington: Right.
Dr. Ogawa: Got it. And right. So tell me, I think. So you were on buprenorphine before. How did that go
Brandon Arrington: So, everything was going just fine. I got off for all and then I told you what happened with me and my girlfriend and
Brandon Arrington: I just been I would start since
Dr. Ogawa: So you haven't had any Suboxone either
Brandon Arrington: And that oh yeah
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, and so it sounds, you know, I'm a little bit. Um, I actually have to ask if I can give you that much supply at once, especially because it's like we are first
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, I'm going to be going to the into every week. What they did before was giving me a two week and then I go to a
Brandon Arrington: Meeting every week. Anyways, so it'll be
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah yeah might be a week and maybe can be two weeks or four. I'm not sure like to, you know, help you out and get you to the detox. If we can
Dr. Ogawa: To get back to you on that though.
Dr. Ogawa: Um, yeah. Did you have any problems with them medicine last time.
Brandon Arrington: No, I was actually doing like the best identity a while.
Dr. Ogawa: And
Brandon Arrington: I don't know why.
Brandon Arrington: I use that as an excuse to start over. Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. Well, it sounds like. I mean, that's a tough question.
Dr. Ogawa: Um,
Dr. Ogawa: You know, sounds like you're going to have some time to think about it though, and
Dr. Ogawa: Are doing next time you'll be
Dr. Ogawa: Wiser about it. It's still be hard, but you'll have some ways to deal with them next time. Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: And then Suboxone will help you physically not happens with Nicole cravings.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, that's the only way I've been able to kick is through Suboxone
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, yeah. And how did you start it last time with Dr. Dr.
Brandon Arrington: So,
Brandon Arrington: Um, I happened to be
Brandon Arrington: At somebody's house that was doing a meeting.
Brandon Arrington: And inquired about it and
Brandon Arrington: Like I do not want this for the rest of my life.
Dr. Ogawa: So,
Brandon Arrington: I started just like wanting to know more. And then I called and started
Dr. Ogawa: Did you have to like way go through withdrawals, that kind of stuff.
Brandon Arrington: Oh, so yeah yeah he said he couldn't start me on the medication because I had been using
Brandon Arrington: I
Brandon Arrington: Will stop using tonight. Like, I won't use anymore because by Sunday when I go to that program. I'm going to be full fledged withdraw.
Dr. Ogawa: And
Brandon Arrington: As long as I have the Suboxone to go through it and I will continue to go through it.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, yeah. So sounds like you kind of know what to do.
Dr. Ogawa: With heroin and anything that's like short acting opiates rack and everybody's a little different but we recommend at least 12 hours after your last use
Dr. Ogawa: Before you start your first dose and because you're gonna feel really bad such a strong medicine that if you take it too soon. It's going to kick off any heroin that you had in your system.
Dr. Ogawa: And you're going to feel withdrawals and feel terrible.
Brandon Arrington: I've done that before, too.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, saying, oh,
Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: So um yeah 12 hours at least if you can wait till Sunday that's even longer. So it's even better if you can do that.
Dr. Ogawa: And then when you're ready to start and you, you were on looks like three of the eight milligrams a day in the past.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. And so if we know that was your dose and I would probably, I don't know if you want to start with that right away.
Dr. Ogawa: So you might want to start with, like, one a day and see how you go and if it's not enough, then maybe the next day you can do to the next day three, or something like that.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, just might be
Dr. Ogawa: Well, you can see how it goes. I would say the first at least give one or three at 123 hours between a dose or, you know,
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, so, so you're not doing too much.
Dr. Ogawa: And then we can do that, did you end up needing any medicines to get you through the withdrawal last time.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, actually. Dr. Packer put together this little like
Brandon Arrington: I was like a care kit and
Brandon Arrington: Basically nurse me back to hell in a
Brandon Arrington: Little bit every thurs
Brandon Arrington: A chronic back pain I suffer from and he gave me something that wasn't an opioid
Dr. Ogawa: And then if
Brandon Arrington: If you know heroin it like doesn't make you pass that go to the bathroom. So he gave me something for that.
Brandon Arrington: Just basically everything to kick easiest is gonna be
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, yeah. So, um, I have all that here looks like a pretty good package and so one medicines combo multiple that's for the the diarrhea issue that you
Dr. Ogawa: Most people have when they withdraw. Okay. You can you read it, you need to and then pro magazines for nausea sometimes for coffee, too, but you can
Brandon Arrington: Raise it
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, okay, yeah. That order quantity probably also will help
Dr. Ogawa: That's for tremors shakes.
Dr. Ogawa: And that also things I can take that.
Brandon Arrington: When I when I'm kicking
Brandon Arrington: It. And that's what caused me to use most of the time.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah yeah
Dr. Ogawa: So you might need to end up. And, you know, asking, maybe up the detox. Like, is there something that we need to do about things it part to
Dr. Ogawa: The Suboxone can take care of some of it, but
Dr. Ogawa: May not take care of all of it.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: For sure. Yeah, because all these feelings are going to come back when we take that away.
From you.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Good, good. Um, so you said other painkillers. What other painkillers. Do you use
Brandon Arrington: oxy cotton or
Brandon Arrington: Norco
Brandon Arrington: I only only basically use those as
Brandon Arrington: To stretch out because heroines expensive. So are those
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, but none of us manageable. At this point, so
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, yeah. And yeah, be careful with all of those, you know, could be other things to next day to
Dr. Ogawa: Come and they're all opiates.
Dr. Ogawa: So also, when you go through withdrawal for starting the Suboxone
Dr. Ogawa: Hey,
Dr. Ogawa: You're gonna have to be off of all of those opiates. Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: So I'll
Dr. Ogawa: Do the same thing.
Dr. Ogawa: Um, let's see. Have you noticed that you had to use more and more and more overtime.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, I did.
Brandon Arrington: I can use even today like and not get high. It doesn't even it just gets me to where I'm functional My back's not killing me and
Brandon Arrington: I can actually just do my regular stuff.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: All right. Sorry, I'm laughing because I'm
Dr. Ogawa: Enjoying your dog.
Brandon Arrington: Is beating him in on his neck. I don't know if you can see but they had the chain so tight. It scared him.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh no, what seems like he's bringing us to you.
Brandon Arrington: saved him.
Oh,
Dr. Ogawa: Very sweet.
Dr. Ogawa: And let's see. So it sounds like you know that you feel like you've lost control over the situation.
Brandon Arrington: Well, I've lost 45 pounds to
Dr. Ogawa: Oh wow, from just abuse and not
Dr. Ogawa: Being able to kind of do ever style.
Dr. Ogawa: Right and. And do you still have to use despite consequences like
Dr. Ogawa: Running out or getting into trouble like that.
Brandon Arrington: Well, I don't
Brandon Arrington: I can see like if I didn't have it. I would definitely be going out and getting in trouble in order to get in.
Brandon Arrington: The last well. Hey, quit.
Brandon Arrington: Oh, but I have it or I have access to it. So it hasn't been
Brandon Arrington: It hasn't been bad as far as committee. Cool.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, okay. Hey,
Inside
Dr. Ogawa: And. Okay. So, when was the last time you were like sober off of opiates. Stay with us last time.
I'm
Brandon Arrington: Actually was clean. A few months ago.
Brandon Arrington: My girlfriend and I got met and she doesn't use she's a nurse, so she doesn't even drink and she's really been the one to like keep me on the straight and narrow and
Brandon Arrington: Continue to strive to do better.
Brandon Arrington: But that didn't last long.
Brandon Arrington: Because I'm not, I'm not dealing with
Brandon Arrington: Life, like I was locked up for almost 10 years straight and
Brandon Arrington: I'm not adjusting to all this very well and as an escape or excuse whatever I use
Brandon Arrington: And it's come to the point where I just need to deal with my underlying issues or it's going to keep happening.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. And do you have anyone around you. Someone I feel like would be your support person.
Brandon Arrington: I do
But our sponsors.
Brandon Arrington: Okay. Yeah, no, I do. Um, I haven't asked him yet. But he has 30 years clean or 20 years clean
Brandon Arrington: He knows how it is so
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Otherwise, do you feel pretty safe when you're at home.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, yeah. I still have my grandparents. For now, and they don't use and they're positive influences
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, great.
Brandon Arrington: It's just when I leave here and go into town. I live in a small country town and called Corning California
Brandon Arrington: All it is is just basically a bunch of tweeters
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, so I think it probably would be good to go to a facility. It's a little bit far away.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, at least to give me my foundation. Once I kick in every clear my head like it'll be better.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Um, let's see. Okay. Other things do you take any other medications.
Brandon Arrington: No.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, any medical problems that I need to know about.
No.
Dr. Ogawa: Alright and then oh surgeries. Have you had a surgery.
Brandon Arrington: Not lately.
Brandon Arrington: Surgery a spleen ectomy but that was
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, one of the reason I went to prison was for DUI.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, I see. Okay, well I'm glad you survived a
Brandon Arrington: Lot.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, good, good, good.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. And I saw, I think you are Barbara last time, Doctor.
Dr. Ogawa: Doctor talk
Dr. Ogawa: Is that still like a
Brandon Arrington: Will cover has we had a word, but I set up my garage as a barbershop.
Brandon Arrington: So I do a couple haircuts.
But
Brandon Arrington: Slow
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, well, maybe in the facility. People want some
Brandon Arrington: Thinking actually
Dr. Ogawa: Do you have any allergies to medications.
Dr. Ogawa: And have you ever heard of Narcan. Do you have
Brandon Arrington: I have heard merkin
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. And do you know what it is.
Brandon Arrington: Just basically a lifesaver.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, it is. And so I will prescribe that to you unless you already have some just. Okay. And so, you know, and I hope you never have to use it. But I want you to have it, just in case.
Dr. Ogawa: And so usually the form that will prescribe as a nasal spray and you just squirt one spray and, you know,
Dr. Ogawa: It's
Dr. Ogawa: Really more for the people around you, whether it's going to be your grandparents or other people at the facility in case you have an overdose, or you take too much medication or something like that. And it basically versus Suboxone but it also reverses any opiates.
Dr. Ogawa: So they can use it on you. You can use it on someone, if someone accidentally gets in your medications or something like that.
Dr. Ogawa: You think you can
Brandon Arrington: Ask her offer
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, yeah, yeah. I think it's really easy if you can teach other people how to use it or let them know to use it on that would be good.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah. Awesome. Whenever I get it.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, yeah. And it's super easy. The instructions will be right on there. Um, alright, so I think that's most of the questions I have
Brandon Arrington: Any questions for me.
Brandon Arrington: Hey guys, sorry.
Brandon Arrington: Okay, oh inside
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, I'm in a meeting right now you go around back and
Brandon Arrington: You're talking to me. I just said, I'm in a fucking meeting. Excuse me.
Brandon Arrington: Come on around
Brandon Arrington: Can you hear me all right. Sorry about that. My neighbor was coming over here and he doesn't know that I'm in a meeting with my doctor
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, I'm still here.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. Um, yeah. Do you have any questions.
Brandon Arrington: No.
Brandon Arrington: Oh, we're under my groups with
Brandon Arrington: When we started group.
Dr. Ogawa: That I don't know. Um, I'll ask, and I also need to just, uh, probably fun one or two weeks worth what after we hang up but left to get back to on
Dr. Ogawa: You know how many we can give you at once. And oh, what's the name of the facility, you're going to do you happen to know
Brandon Arrington: Visions in Redding, California.
Dr. Ogawa: Already. Okay. And because maybe they'll have to talk to them or something like that.
Dr. Ogawa: He's
Brandon Arrington: His name's Toby and I could give you this number, actually, if you wanted to.
Dr. Ogawa: Write it down.
Brandon Arrington: Toby's number is
Brandon Arrington: 530-917-3811
Dr. Ogawa: Right, just in case and and then yeah I think can or maybe our Jane will let you know about when your groups and your counseling is going to be and
Dr. Ogawa: I think, you know, I know you've kind of gone through it before, but let me just
Dr. Ogawa: Run through the induction medication, start with you, real quick, just in case.
Dr. Ogawa: I guess you're a little different because we're going to start you right off the bat with eight milligrams, but so say you think that tonight's going to be your last use
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, I will. Yeah.
Brandon Arrington: I mean, we can just get them.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, so I would say tomorrow morning would be the soonest time, you can start 12 hours since your last views.
Dr. Ogawa: And that's actually good when people stop at the at night, and then they can no sleep through their withdrawal period and then kind of be ready in the morning.
Dr. Ogawa: If you want to move it to a Saturday night, AND THEN SUNDAY MORNING. That's fine. Or if you want to stretch it out. That's fine.
Dr. Ogawa: But it should be at least 12 hours before and after your last use, you should be feeling a good amount of withdrawals. At least, I would say like at least three things, if not more like runny nose, shake shakes by RIA
Dr. Ogawa: Your eyes might be watering might just feel really achy should have at least three things that are going for you.
Dr. Ogawa: And then when you take your first dose, you should start feeling better, because it's going to calm that down. If you feel worse than that's probably a sign that you took it too soon.
Dr. Ogawa: And then once you start that you can see is that enough that first eight milligram and kind of wait it out for like 123 hours or longer if you want to, to see sad enough
Dr. Ogawa: If it's not, you're still feeling too much withdrawals. Then take another one. So that's two. Okay. And then same thing. Wait, again for another 123 hours and let's kind of the time it takes for your body to process that too. So rested now and then, again, it's
Dr. Ogawa: Well,
Dr. Ogawa: Be careful if you if you end up thinking about keeping the third one. That's usually more than most people for the first day.
Dr. Ogawa: But I think that was your dose in the past.
Brandon Arrington: Yeah, I do more drugs than most people do. And I'm not glorifying. It was three I've, I've taken four in a day or
Brandon Arrington: Two don't feel that, and I know it when I have a runny nose, but I sneeze. When I don't use like
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah.
Brandon Arrington: So, yeah.
Brandon Arrington: I really don't think three is gonna
Dr. Ogawa: It'll be a problem.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah hopefully not and hopefully it'll be the right dose for you but you know it's one more time. Again, your body's a little different this time to so you can see, just be careful give enough time between that those doses.
Dr. Ogawa: And then that'll be like your new jokes, whatever it is.
Dr. Ogawa: And then we'll just continue that every day.
Dr. Ogawa: And
Dr. Ogawa: Usually
Dr. Ogawa: I like to follow up with you.
Dr. Ogawa: Should we try to make an appointment, like Sunday or something like that.
Dr. Ogawa: Saturday or Sunday with that. I'm not sure how it works out. If you're going to the detox.
Brandon Arrington: Well,
Brandon Arrington: Sunday. If you wanted to do it after I get to the detox or if you wanted to do it before I go, probably after right
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, doesn't matter.
Brandon Arrington: Okay, can we, what's your time. What's your availability.
Dr. Ogawa: And Sunday.
Dr. Ogawa: I think I can do it anytime like mid day like 10 to do
Brandon Arrington: Tend to
Brandon Arrington: Do
Brandon Arrington: Well, because I have to be there before three
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Brandon Arrington: So that's gonna
Brandon Arrington: That's gonna put us to where I won't be there yet.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, yeah. And so maybe we can do by
Dr. Ogawa: 10:10am yeah and then I'll have can let you give you a call to like confirm. So if you need to change it. That's time to
Dr. Ogawa: And just so we can make sure you're doing okay before
Dr. Ogawa: You go and between now and when you're withdrawing and hopefully you're doing better. By the time. We'll see you
Brandon Arrington: Sure they're gonna let me use he said that the blackout.
Brandon Arrington: They'll make an exception, I can use my phone for zoom meetings or for
Brandon Arrington: So if you guys talk to Toby.
Brandon Arrington: Or when you talk to Toby, if you could just
Brandon Arrington: See our meetings or once a week.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. Yeah, and that's fine. And yeah, let's let's try to figure it out and
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. Oh.
Dr. Ogawa: I'm the tablets. You already taken it. So you already know, probably, but you gotta put them under your tongue, and they have to sit there until they dissolve is
Brandon Arrington: There any way I could do this bill.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. And oh, you got the film's last time. Yeah. We can try for the tablets, and I think it really just depends on what your insurance approves but I can try for the tablets, and then they might switch it to a film.
Dr. Ogawa: And yeah, but either way under the tongue. Don't swallow it, because then you're not going to get enough of the medication.
Dr. Ogawa: It works better if it goes through your saliva and then also if you crush it more for the tablet, but that part of it. That's not active the Norwalk, so
Dr. Ogawa: And that's going to reverse all the opiates. So you're going to feel bad.
Dr. Ogawa: So that's another reason why you should just put it on your tongue and let it dissolve because it will work at the good part will work best. That way in the bad part that's not going to make you feel good and won't really be acted out
Dr. Ogawa: Oh yeah. Okay. Um, but yeah, I think you know all this. But any other questions.
Brandon Arrington: No, that's it.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, so, um, yeah, let me just, I'm not sure about a couple things. So, um, I don't know. Anybody's working right now. But let me just follow up on a couple of things. Okay, and then we'll try to touch base on Sunday.
Brandon Arrington: Sure. So Sunday at 10am
Brandon Arrington: And then I'll be expecting a call from kin or RG
Yeah yeah
Dr. Ogawa: And then sell send the package to help you not withdraw so much and what
Dr. Ogawa: What pharmacy. Are you using
Brandon Arrington: I just use the
Brandon Arrington: Only one right here in this town is writing
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. All right. Oh yeah right aid on a to tackle. Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Then is there. All right. And then in between. If you guys have been if you have any problems questions, let us know. Okay.
Brandon Arrington: Thank you very much, even
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, I'm glad to hear that. Well, you're going to do the hard work. So I'm good luck. I think that you can do. It sounds like you're pretty motivated. So yeah, we'll try to help you out. Okay.
Brandon Arrington: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, and have a good night. Enjoy your dog. And then also, you probably on Sunday.
Dr. Ogawa: Sure. Okay.
I
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. To summarize,
Dr. Ogawa: Brandon Arlington is a 32 year old male
Dr. Ogawa: With a long history of opiate use mostly heroin and smoke but also
Dr. Ogawa: Pain medication.
Dr. Ogawa: As well as other substances, over time, he's interested in going to inpatient detox, mostly from opiates. I'm currently requesting a one month supply and not sure
Dr. Ogawa: This is
Dr. Ogawa: Okay with bright heart policy, but I told them we can probably at least do one or two weeks and discussed home induction and his previous doses was eight milligrams of morphine films three times a day.
Dr. Ogawa: So, most likely, this will be his final dose as well. However, discuss that you may have a different colors, so will
Dr. Ogawa: Induce with caution will also send
Dr. Ogawa: In our can as well as some other medications to help with withdraw.
Dr. Ogawa: Sorry at this is on plan and
Dr. Ogawa: medications include Mo, mo total from referencing and quantity
Dr. Ogawa: And objective general know acute distress.
Dr. Ogawa: Normal mentation know withdrawal symptoms seen have or did get into an argument with his neighbor during that visit and then quickly return to the visit.
Dr. Ogawa: peoples are equally racked peoples are normal appearing conjunct diver extra ocular motors are intact no visible right area.
Dr. Ogawa: Speeches the normal
Dr. Ogawa: mentation appears normal neuro gate is intact, with no movement deficits.
Dr. Ogawa: No observable tremors.
Dr. Ogawa: Assessment and Plan F 11.2060 UD
Dr. Ogawa: Also history of methamphetamines and also tobacco use.
Dr. Ogawa: As above will
Dr. Ogawa: Prescribe
Dr. Ogawa: Seven days of Suboxone
Dr. Ogawa: Eight milligram Tad flash to
Dr. Ogawa: unlock some
Dr. Ogawa: Patients plan is to have lost use tonight.
Dr. Ogawa: And then in 12 hours per discussion to
Dr. Ogawa: Start with eight milligrams, he may
Dr. Ogawa: wait longer until Sunday morning, which is the day that he plans to go into the inpatient detox facility called visions and reading
Dr. Ogawa: Phone number 530917381
Dr. Ogawa: And
Dr. Ogawa: I will inquire about how this works. And when patient goes into an inpatient facility well also using great heart services and whether a one month prescription
Dr. Ogawa: At intake is reasonable.
Dr. Ogawa: Period patient is interested in continuing counseling contrite heart. In addition to detox facility counseling sessions.
Dr. Ogawa: And return for opposite in one to two days.
Dr. Ogawa: Or as allowed by his facility schedule.
Dr. Ogawa: Thank you.